---
title: Hudson Woods
categories:
  - all
  - residential
  - public
  - progress
  - commercial
main_img: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/HW-thumbnail.jpg
supplemental_image1: /lang_architecture/assets/img/project_photos/New-DesignNature-Living.jpg
supplemental_image2: /lang_architecture/assets/img/project_photos/New-DesignNature-Kitchen.jpg
built_or_process: process
processGallery:
  0:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/photo.jpg
  1:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/IMG-0427.jpg
  2:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/IMG-1111.jpg
  4:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/HudsonWoods-bathroom01.jpg
  5:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/HudsonWoods-living-05.jpg
  6:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/photo-excavation.jpg
  7:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/HudsonWoods-road-03.jpg
  8:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/1A-HudsonWoods-pool-11.jpg
  9:
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/PastedGraphic-1.jpg
  3:
    processPhoto: ""
Location: Kerhonkson, New York
CompletionDate: Projected 2016
ProjectCost: $12M
---
<p>
	    Hudson Woods is a unique collection of architect-designed, locally sourced dwellings in the Hudson River Valley. Developed, designed and built by Lang Architecture and team, Hudson Woods offers modern, sustainable design at exceptional value to buyers.
</p>
<p>
	    100 miles from New York City, 26 modern, refined and energy efficient homes on large lots are nestled into the forests and meadows of the 131-acre site. With an emphasis on responsible land use, including active forest management and on-site agriculture, Hudson Woods aims to nurture and protect the extraordinary natural beauty of the region. With a diverse offering of options, including a wood-burning stove, outdoor cooking, greenhouse, tree house and more, residents can assemble their own vision of a retreat into nature.
</p>
<p>
	    Humble and private upon approach, the simple vernacular house form fits sensitively into the topography of each site. Once inside, expansive views to the surrounding landscape are framed through custom mahogany windows. The interior is modern and warm, with an abundance of local white oak surfaces and details. Throughout the home, craft is on display from solid wood doors with sand cast bronze hardware to custom freestanding kitchen island and pantry units produced in collaboration with local craftsmen.
</p>
<p>
	    Project Team<br>
	    Drew Lang-Principal | Jeremy Babel-Project Manager/Designer | Elisa Finoli &amp; Manca Ahlin-Designers | Jackson Hahne-Construction Manager
</p>
<p>
	    Consultants<br>
	    LIA Engineering-Structural Engineering | Medenbach &amp; Eggers-Civil Engineering | A. Diachishin &amp; Associates-Civil Engineering &amp; Land Surveying | Rumsey Farber-Landscape Architecture | Anthony Del Vescovo –Forester | Sanderson-Brand &amp; Marketing | Hundred Stories-Public Relations
</p>