---
title: UWS Townhouse
main_img: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/UWS-Thumbnail.jpg
categories:
  - all
  - residential
  - in-progress
built_or_process: process
processGallery:
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/1A-ext1.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/DSCF3950.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/DSCF3983.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/Historic-Tax-Lot-Photo.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/IMG-7165.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/IMG-7188.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: /lang/assets/img/project_photos/UW1.jpg
  - 
    processPhoto: ""
Location: New York, New York
CompletionDate: Summer 2014
ProjectCost: $2,500,000
---
<p>
	This Neo-Renaissance single-family townhouse from the 1880s was extensively renovated and upgraded to meet current needs of space and comfort. The 7,500 square foot townhouse is 5 stories high with a cellar. The renovation is classically elegant and centers around an oval staircase in white oak with bronze details. A glass bulkhead draws light in through the stairwell. The plan arrangement of the ground and second floor has a clear front back hierarchy, with the hall and living room on the street and the eat-in kitchen and dining room overlooking the south-facing garden.
</p>
<p>
	The kitchen features bespoke steel cabinets, oak floors and natural stone counter tops and backsplash. The new rear façade is in terracotta colored brick with grey steel windows. The full-width steel floor to ceiling windows in the dining room and kitchen open onto the garden.
</p>
<p>
	The children’s bedrooms, guest and master suite are located on the upper floors, with the master suite occupying a single floor front-to-back. The children’s floors are connected by a playful library stair. A roof terrace with deck and planting crowns the building.
</p>
<p>
	Project Team: <em>Drew Lang-Principal | Thomas Wensing &amp; Elisabete Duarte-Project Architects</em>
</p>
<p>
	Consultants: <em>Hanington Engineering | JM Zoning</em>
</p>
<p>
	General Contractor: <em>Metal Stone Construction</em>
</p>